README.adoc, before:

= zsh plugins

These are some plugins that can easily be added using https://github.com/zsh-users/antigen[antigen].

== Usage

* First https://github.com/zsh-users/antigen#installation[install antigen] for your system.
* https://github.com/zsh-users/antigen#usage[Configure] which plugins you want to use.

For example:

[source,zsh]
----
# Load the oh-my-zsh's library
antigen use oh-my-zsh

antigen bundle extract
antigen bundle git
antigen bundle github
antigen bundle gradle
antigen bundle mvn
antigen bundle wd

antigen bundle zsh-users/zsh-syntax-highlighting
antigen bundle zsh-users/zsh-completions
#antigen bundle zsh-users/zsh-autosuggestions

antigen bundle rwinch/zsh-plugins antora-rename
antigen bundle rwinch/zsh-plugins copy
antigen bundle rwinch/zsh-plugins gh-create-subissue
antigen bundle rwinch/zsh-plugins gh-update
antigen bundle rwinch/zsh-plugins get-security-module-names
antigen bundle rwinch/zsh-plugins git-recent
antigen bundle rwinch/zsh-plugins gw

# Load the theme
antigen theme robbyrussell

antigen apply
----

== Development

If you want to load local changes you can run something like this:

[source,zsh]
----
export _ANTIGEN_WARN_DUPLICATES=false
antigen bundle /home/rwinch/code/rwinch/zsh-plugins/antora/antora-rename --no-local-clone
----

A few notes from the https://github.com/zsh-users/antigen/wiki/Commands[commands]:

> You can also specify a local directory on your file system as a bundle. In this case, make sure the path you give is the absolute path (i.e., starts with a /). Relative paths are not supported. If the repo you gave is a local directory path, then it is not necessary that this path is a git repo. Please refer to the notes on --no-local-clone below.

> --no-local-clone — This command can be useful if you are developing a plugin and already have a clone on your local file system. If this argument is not given, even if the given repo url is a local path, a clone is made in the $ANTIGEN_BUNDLES directory, and the plugin is loaded from that clone. But, if you give this argument, the plugin is sourced straight from the repo location, without creating a clone. For example,

Commit message:

Add documentation for reloading antigen changes

README.adoc, after:

= zsh plugins

These are some plugins that can easily be added using https://github.com/zsh-users/antigen[antigen].

== Usage

* First https://github.com/zsh-users/antigen#installation[install antigen] for your system.
* https://github.com/zsh-users/antigen#usage[Configure] which plugins you want to use.

For example:

[source,zsh]
----
# Load the oh-my-zsh's library
antigen use oh-my-zsh

antigen bundle extract
antigen bundle git
antigen bundle github
antigen bundle gradle
antigen bundle mvn
antigen bundle wd

antigen bundle zsh-users/zsh-syntax-highlighting
antigen bundle zsh-users/zsh-completions
#antigen bundle zsh-users/zsh-autosuggestions

antigen bundle rwinch/zsh-plugins antora-rename
antigen bundle rwinch/zsh-plugins copy
antigen bundle rwinch/zsh-plugins gh-create-subissue
antigen bundle rwinch/zsh-plugins gh-update
antigen bundle rwinch/zsh-plugins get-security-module-names
antigen bundle rwinch/zsh-plugins git-recent
antigen bundle rwinch/zsh-plugins gw

# Load the theme
antigen theme robbyrussell

antigen apply
----

== Development

If you want to load local changes you can run something like this:

[source,zsh]
----
export _ANTIGEN_WARN_DUPLICATES=false
antigen bundle /home/rwinch/code/rwinch/zsh-plugins/antora/antora-rename --no-local-clone
----

=== Reloading Changes

After making changes to your `.antigenrc` or adding new plugins, reload them with:

[source,zsh]
----
antigen reset
source ~/.zshrc
----

The `antigen reset` command clears Antigen's cache and forces a fresh load of all bundles.

A few notes from the https://github.com/zsh-users/antigen/wiki/Commands[commands]:

> You can also specify a local directory on your file system as a bundle. In this case, make sure the path you give is the absolute path (i.e., starts with a /). Relative paths are not supported. If the repo you gave is a local directory path, then it is not necessary that this path is a git repo. Please refer to the notes on --no-local-clone below.

> --no-local-clone — This command can be useful if you are developing a plugin and already have a clone on your local file system. If this argument is not given, even if the given repo url is a local path, a clone is made in the $ANTIGEN_BUNDLES directory, and the plugin is loaded from that clone. But, if you give this argument, the plugin is sourced straight from the repo location, without creating a clone. For example,
